1 - What is `NPM`?
    It is a package manager library. npm does not stand for node package manager.It is just a package manager
    like yarn.It manages node module depedencies of a project.

2 - What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
    When we create application using React we create many file in Modern Javascript that all browser can't 
    understand and browser only understand normal Javascript,HTML and CSS.
        So, we use Bundlers that combine all our js code in a single js file and do compression,minification.
    Parcel/Webpack are bundlers that are used provide addition features to our project-
    like -
        1.create a local server
        2.file watcher alogrithm
        3.code compression
        4.minification of code
        5.tree shaking
        6.image optimization
        7.hot module replacement
        8.caching while development
        9.Compatible with older browser(by creating polyfills)
        10.Zero config

3 - What is `.parcel-cache`?
    Parcel is a bundler that is used for many reasons in react project one of them is caching while development.
    While we development our project and run our project mean while it create cache for faster run/build for 
    upcoming run/build of the project.This folder should not be your git. So put .parcel-cache folder in your
    .gitignore file.

4 - What is `npx` ?
    Npx is like execute for node library.
    When we use npx it not install the library to your local system.
    Npx downloads the package for runtime and then delete it.

5 - What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`?
    depedencies are core depedencies list of project that are listed in package.json file that are needed
    in development environment as well production environment.
    and devDependencies are the depedencies that are only required in development environment
    for example- Pracel is bundler library that build our project and create a production ready project.
    and deploy this project on server.

6 - What is Tree Shaking?
    Tree shaking - remove un wanted code . like we install a package and it can have many funtions but we use
    2 or 3 funtions so bundler help in cleaning by tree shaking.

7 - What is Hot Module Replacement?
    It is one of the bundler features.while development whenever we make changes in our any file and save it.
    bundler(parcel) it reload our web application with new changes.

8 - List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your
    own words.
    1.code compression
    2.HMR
    3.tree shaking
    4.super fast build alogrithm
    5.image optimization

    Code compression : it compression our code and remove all white space and and create shorthand funtions
    over our funtions that are more suitable for production, it combine our all js files and make a single js
    file.

    HMR : Hot module replacement. it reload the web application on development whenever we make any changes to file 
    and save the changes.

    Tree shaking : removing un-used code of a library that we import in our project.

9 - What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
    It is the file that is used by git and files mention in it ignore by git while commits.
    .gitignore is file that have some pattern and list of the files/directories that we don't want on our
    git repository.
    Files that can build using config file . like node_module can be install using package.json file .
    so we put node_module in gitignore and we not put package.json file in .gitignore.  

10- What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json`?
    Package.json cantains the package version detail for development environment of our project 
    and Package-lock.json cantains package version(exact version) detail for production environment.
    It locks the package version and should never to put in gitignore file.

11- Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
    You should never update package-lock.json as it contain exact version of libraries/packages on which
    project depends and making changes in it will lead to failure build of the project.

12- What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
    node_module is the dicrectory that contains our project's libraries and node packages that we install
    to build our project. and it is not a good idea to push it on git cause this all file combined take very
    big space and this all libraries can be install on server by using package-lock.json file.

13- What is the `dist` folder?
    Dist folder contains three main files index.js,index.css and index.html that are build by bundler(Parcel).
    and only these three file understable by browser.

14- What is `browserlists`?
    This is a libraries that comes while installing parcel bundler it make our code Compatible with many 
    browser. we just need to add configuration in package.json file like
                                        "browserlist":[
                                       "last 2  versions"
                                       ]
    it takes list of string/browserlist and make our project Compatible to run on these browsers.
    and it create polyfills for the older version of browser.


                                    





