1 - What are microservices?
    Microservice is a style of architechture to develope and deploy web application. Its define an architechture that 
    structures the application as a set of loosely coupled, collaborating services.
        it consist of many independent modules and all modules can saperately develope,deploy and test.
    it make development and maintanence easy for modules.
    Here earch module can be build in new technology stack and all the module can be build using different team
    and different stack as these modules are loosly coupled.
    Scaling is not issue with such type architechture. The microservice architecture is an application of Y-axis scaling

2 - What is monolith?
    Monolith is software development architechture in which all module of application like User Interface , backend, trasction 
    message , database all modules are packed together.
        All modules are depends on each other so a single change in any module results in deploying whole
    application again. 
    It is difficult to adept new technology stack.
    for new developer team it take decent amount of time as these applications become very large with time.
    here for scaling we need to X and Z axis scaling in X asix scaling we create copies of same application under
    a loadbalancer and in Z axis we create copies of application but hare we saperate database hence each copy has
    smaller data.

3 - What is the difference between monolith and microservice?
    Monolith: 
        1. Whole application frontEnd, backend , communication b/w module and database all consit in
           a single project.
        2. Longer dependancy on a stack/ technology.
        3. Require big development team .
        4. Scaling application is difficult task.
        5. Change in one module result , redeploy every modules.
    
    Microservice:
        1.Project divided in to servel smaller modules.that can be build saperatly.
        2.All modules can be build using different stack or technology.
        3.No big team required.
        4.Scaling is easy but we need to create safer trasction and communication b/w modules.
        5.Here module are loosly coupled so every part can be deploy and tested without affecting other.

4 - Why we need a useEffect hook?
    It is a hook provide by react to handle side effect in functional component.
    useEffect take two arguments first is on callback function and second is an dependancy array.
    by default useEffect runs after every render but it can be customise by using dependancy array.
      A side effect is said be happen when call function change state of the component.
    It is needed when we want to do after initial render. like api call , data fetching or dom manupulation.

5 - What is Optional changing?
    Optional Changing is used while accessing a key,value pair in a object to look that the we trying to access
    is present in object or not. Without using optional chaining accessing such key that not present results to
    error.
    Example 
    let xx = {"key":"value","name":"roisab","age":26}
            xx?.age will return 26
            xx.dd will return undefind
            xx.dd.dd return error

            but xx?.dd?.dd will return undefind here we wont get error.

6 - What is Shimmer UI?
    Shimmer Ui is the skeleton ui that is shown to user before the actual content of the page loads.
    It shows that the content is loading.

7 - What is difference b/w javascript expression and javascript statement? 
    Javascript Expression is any unit of code that evaluated to a value.Since expression produce value
    so they can be anywhere javascript expect a value in function invocation.

    Javascript Statement is the a piece of instruction to perform some action.
    based on some logic or loop to do some work.Such actions include creating a variable or a function, 
    looping through an array of elements, evaluating code based on a specific condition etc.
    JavaScript programs are actually a sequence of statements.

8 - What is conditional render ? Explain with an example.
    Conditional Rendering is render a component on based of a condition. Here we render a different component
    when the meet different condition.
        like suppose we are fetching data using useEffect in our React component and we useEffect render 
    after initial render, so here we want render different component untill we dont have the data from fetching.

    fetchedData.length?<Shimmer>:<Real Component>    

9 - What is CORS?
    Cors stands for Cross origin resource sharing. 
    It is a browser feature that blocks request for resource from one origin to another origin. 
    It create standard by following origin can share resouces amoung them.

    like when a origin request for resouces from another origin browser make a pre flight request before actual
    request to server, now if server return a response header with Access Control origin access allowed as it also 
    known as options response. now browser make an actual request for resource.

10- What is async and await?
    In modern JavaScript we use asynchronous code . The code that not blocks the execution of code.
    we use promises to make an asynchronous call as we promises take time to fullfil or reject.
        Async and Await are use to create promise with much more readablity. Any async function return
    a promis to make wait or to wait untill promis retrun something. we use await keyword to wait promise untill
    it resolve or reject.

11- What is the use of  'const json = await data.json();' in getRestaurants() function?
    Here we get data when fetch api resolve and return response object. and this response object
    has many helpful methods like 
        response.json(),response.text(),response.formData(),response.blob() and response.arrayBuffer()
    these all methods retrun promise. Therefore we use await keyword before data.json() so it waits untill
    it resolve.





