1 - When and Why we nee lazy loading?
    when component have many component and our appliction getting bigger by adding new features
    so our bundle of coding getting big. it will cause performance issue.
      therefore we need lazy loading/ dynamic import/code spliting etc.

2 - What is Suspense?
    When we do lazy loading in react, react try to render component as it find it jsx but lazy load
    component take time so react throw an error. Therefore we use Suspense component to tell that 
    this is a lazy laod component and it will wait untill that component loads.

3 - Why we got this error : A component suspended while responding to synchronous input. This will cause
    the UI to replaced with a loading indicator. To fix, updates that suspend should be wrapped with 
    startTransition? How does Suspense fix the error?
    We got this error if we load lazy component without using Suspense component.
    as when we import a lazy component it returns a promise. so Suspense component waits untill
    lazy component return in import. and Suspense solve the above issue by waiting promise to 
    resolve. 

4 - Advantages and disadvatages of using code spliting pattern.
    Advantages      
        - reduce bundle size,
        - make appliction less time to load.
        - on demand load component

    disadvatages
        - less SEO compatible
        - won’t work during server side rendering when it comes to React, it works
          on client side rendering only, therefore it is recommded to use   
          loadable component. 
    

5 - when and why do we need Suspense?
    React.Suspense allows us to conditionally suspend the rendering of a component until it has loaded. 
    It has a fallback prop that accepts a React element.
    The React element could be a JSX snippet or a complete component.
    When we do lazy loading in react, react try to render component as it find it jsx but lazy load
    component take time so react throw an error. Therefore we use Suspense component to tell that 
    this is a lazy laod component and it will wait untill that component loads.